Part I

1. make a directory called first
mkdir first/

2. change directory to the first folder
cd first/

3. create a file called person.txt
touch person.txt

4. change the name of person.txt to another.txt
mv person.txt another.txt

5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
cp another.txt copy.txt

6. remove the copy.txt file
rm copy.txt

7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second
cp -r first second

8. delete the second folder
rm -r second/



Part II
1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
It displays information on the command typed after man. Get out with ctrl Q.
Help command in windows. Scroll with shift up/down arrows keys. 

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
ls -l displays the items in current directory in a list format, including information such as date accessed, size, and user
ls -a displays all items, including hidden files

3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?
ctrl left/right arrow keys in windows

4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
ctrl E

5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
ctrl A

6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
ctrl W

7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
A terminal is the application that is used to access the shell. The shell is the software that the computer applies to follow commands. 
Different terminals can be used on different shells.

8. What is an absolute path?
A location that can be accessed from any directory. It is the full path that starts from the root directory.

9. What is an relative path?
A location relative to the current directory. It is accessed from where the user is currently.

10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
A flag is a modification to a command. For example, the -a flag for ls displays all items including hidden files, the -l flag for ls displays items in a list format, 
and the -r flag for rm allows the user to remove directories.

11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
rm -r Allow recursive removal when a leading directory name is given
rm -f Override the up-to-date check